This file is the idea pad and where i store my idea and logic so i dont forget any key details

Now, I have 2 characters, One is the block and another the cusor
but the thing is that, I messed up with the Player logic in begining and made it constant in place while the world moves...


It works, fine with the block but i need smth else for the trial of cursor to work

How am gonna do this:
we know that for once only one is going to be active,
so i cana make it like that if, FillPheus is active
then i will make it so my world, BG and our ground will move in different speed

hoe i will do that...
make 2 [serialized] speed on movement.cs
which is attached with the world, BG and ground
and then and make them move slowly and, i will make flipheus have velosity...

sihit,.....
I missed one detail, our background moves slowly and our ground+ object moves faster
so i will make 2 speed, one for the background and one for the ground and objects will also not work
as our camera will be following the player, so i will make the camera not follow the player and just move with the world,

Plan 2:
How do i even do it 😭
I think i wont be able to complete this projet (Block, Our Borbpheus works but not our FillPheus)
what if i try to make the player speed insanely low will it trigger the trail...?
Doesnt workkkkk 😭😭

I did the FliPheus movents but still have no idea on how i will do the flipheus trail,
i think i will make it like that when the player is moving, it will spawn a trail object and then it will move with the player and then it will destroy itself after some time, but the thing is that,
how am i gonna make it move with the player if the player is not moving ????

waiitttt, i got a genius idea, i will make the trial child of ground but make a script 
and make it so in Update(), Transform its position to player...

me figthing with my brain
Ground moves.. trial moves with it 

trial is condtsntly updating itd podition to plsyer while the player still is constant from bsck it tp to plsyerd center
i think it will create  conflict and bugs but lets try itt...

i implemented it and now going to test it hopefully it works, if not then we will have to go find a new plan...
nope same as before...
lets just continue without the trial for now and figure smth out at the end...
looks like i did smth wrong again, my player is just going through the wall even tho it has collision and both the collider are not tigger
lets see how long it will take to fix this
